___

*This is rather an example of file[^1] for our code documentation - scripts, classes, links between them and everything else. [[1. Code docs template#Syntax|Scroll down]] for plain syntax used here.*

___
# Title - name of class, unit, etc.

**Authors:** It may be name or alias of person involved in the process of creating this code. 

>**Description:** Here you put a brief summary of the code, its purpose and job. Keep it concise, but comprehensive.

## constructors:

- **Golem()** - default constructor
- **Golem (string name)** - constructor with a specified name
## functions/methods/etc.:

- **attack(...)** - makes golem attack: calls specified animations, does calculations...
- **recoverHP()** - ...
## fields/variables/etc.:

- **int maxHP** - holds maximum possible HP value of the golem
- **int runningSpeed** - holds speed value of golem; is used to move the unit around the map

## links/relations:

- *whatever you desire...*

## another thing...
*...*

___
# Afterword

Descriptions shouldn't be long and too in-depth - that's what comments in source code are made for. It should provide other and/or future programmers with basic understanding of what does it do.

**Please note that:**
- *Not every* method/field/etc. needs to be described - a loop iterator or some temporary object are self-explanatory, especially when properly commented;
- You can - and rather should - write comment docs by yourself and add them through your Git branch, not through *Docs* branch. If you need help with anything, here we are, the team and Obsidian manuals, ready to guide you!

Inb4: In near future, ***probably*** there will be added a *dataview* file (or a few such files), where we will see kind of a database of current documentation. This will cooperate with tags and provide us with overview of what we have.

If you have any suggestions or something here triggers you, hmu. 

___
# Syntax

For more syntax options, see [official Obsidian.md site](https://help.obsidian.md/Home), especially [this](https://help.obsidian.md/Editing+and+formatting/Basic+formatting+syntax)paragraph.

```
# Title - name of class, unit, etc.

**Authors:** It may be name or alias of person involved in the process of creating this code. 

>**Description:** Here you put a brief summary of the code, its purpose and job. Keep it concise, but comprehensive.

## constructors:

- **Golem()** - default constructor
- **Golem(string name)** - constructor with a specified name

## functions/methods/etc.:

- **attack(...)** - makes golem attack: calls specified animations, does calculations...
- **recoverHP()** - ...

## fields/variables/etc.:

- **int maxHP** - holds maximum possible HP value of the golem
- **int runningSpeed** - holds speed value of golem; is used to move the unit around the map

## links:

- *whatever you desire...*

## another thing...
*...*
___
```

*PS: If you want to write syntax symbols in notes, just like this one '\*' , put '\\' symbol before it.*

```
*PS: If you want to write syntax symbols in notes, just like this one '\*' , put '\\' symbol before it.*
```

[^1]: If you want, there is a possibility of creating it in a form of tables - here I recommend using *Table Extended* plugin, which will provide you with advanced table-managing tools.